Packaging Practices: Use go-task for pkgconfig dep search (#484)
getsolus/help-center-docs: docs/packaging/packaging-practices.md

An obvious advantage to supporting `pkgconfig` dependencies is that there is a 1:1 mapping between the name requested by the build and the name used within the `package.yml`. Instead of trying to hunt down the package providing that dependency, you simply list the same name. Any package in the repository will export information about the `.pc` files (for `pkg-config`) it contains, enabling you to use those as a build dependency.

A secondary advantage is that this allows for easily switching or replacing a providing package. When no `pkgconfig` name is available (some packages do not provide these, or it doesn’t make sense for them to), you may use the explicit package name. Always ensure you select the correct package, i.e. the `-devel` subpackage. This provides the necessary symlinks and headers to build packages.

### Finding what package provides a pkgconfig dependency (if any)

> You can use go-task to find packages that satisfy `pkgconfig` dependencies. It can search for multiple dependencies at once.

Author: Duh, thanks and done!

As an example, if you know a package has the build dependencies `Qt5Core` and `Qt6Core`, you would run:

```bash
go-task pkgconfig -- Qt5Core Qt6Core
```

This will output:

```bash
pkgconfig(Qt5Core) found in: qt5-base-devel
pkgconfig(Qt6Core) found in: qt6-base-devel
```

> You can also determine if there are pkgconfigs available from a -devel package by doing `eopkg info (name)` and looking for the `Provides` key.

Author: Same here

### Using pkgconfig dependencies

> In the `builddeps` list, simply use the `pkgconfig(name)` syntax. For example, to add `gtk+-3.0` to the build dependencies, you would do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the `builddeps` list, use the `pkgconfig(name)` syntax. For example, to add `gtk+-3.0` to the build dependencies, you would do the following:
```

"Simply" used this way grinds my gears. Delete on sight

Author: Good point

fix-silliness.patch
```

> Both of the files above will be applied using `-p1`. If you need to use a different stripping num, like `-p4`, you can do something like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both of the files above will be applied using stripping number `-p1`. If you need to use a different stripping number, like `-p4`, you can write:
```

Author: Yeah, I wasn't sure about this one, but kept it close to the old version in the end. But this is more readable for sure. Done.
